Update README.md (#27)
FAIRmat-NFDI/nomad-distro-dev: README.md

4. Create a `nomad.yaml` file.

>     This file is used to configure nomad. It must be placed in the root folder of the fork of the current repo you did in your github account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This file is used to configure nomad. It must be placed in the top-level directory of your repository, where all commands are executed from.
```
